README.md, before:

# cmake-init

![CI/CD](https://github.com/Young-TW/cmake-init/actions/workflows/rust.yml/badge.svg)

## Installation

### Via Cargo

```sh
cargo install cmake-init
```

### Build from source

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Young-TW/cmake-init.git
cd cmake-init
cargo install --path .
```

## Usage

Initialize a simple CMake project with the specified name and options.

```sh
cmake-init <PROJECT_NAME>
```

Initialize a CMake project with CUDA/HIP support:

```sh
cmake-init <PROJECT_NAME> --cuda
```

or

```sh
cmake-init <PROJECT_NAME> --hip
```

If you use CUDA/HIP, you need to edit the `CMakeLists.txt` file to set the architecture code for your GPU.

### Flags

Currently, not supporting multiple flags in (`--cuda`, `--hip`, `--mpi`) at the same time.

| Flag             | Short  | Default  | Description                                       |
| ---------------- | ------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `--help`         | `-h`   |          | Show help message                                 |
| `--version`      | `-v`   |          | Show version information                          |
| `<PROJECT_NAME>` |        | required | Project name                                      |
| `--cxx-std`      | `-s`   | `17`     | C++ standard (11, 14, 17, 20, 23, 26)             |
| `--gitignore`    | `-g`   | `true`   | Generate `.gitignore` file (`true`/`false`)       |
| `--cuda`         | `-c`   | `false`  | Enable CUDA support (`true`/`false`)              |
| `--hip`          | `-i`   | `false`  | Enable HIP support (`true`/`false`)               |
| `--mpi`          | `-m`   | `false`  | Enable OpenMPI support (`true`/`false`)           |
| `--kokkos`       | `-k`   | `false`  | Enable Kokkos support (`true`/`false`)            |

### Example

```sh
cmake-init my_project -s 20 --gitignore false
```

## Contributing

Please see the [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) document for details on how to contribute to this project.

## Stats

![Alt](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/cb91f9d845328a1a35e7c4581ac98e14fd2bb352.svg "Repobeats analytics image")

Commit message:

docs: update README.md project description

README.md, after:

# cmake-init - Initialize CMake project at speed

cmake-init is a command-line tool written in Rust that helps you quickly set up a CMake project with various options such as CUDA, HIP, MPI, and Kokkos support.

![CI/CD](https://github.com/Young-TW/cmake-init/actions/workflows/rust.yml/badge.svg)

## Installation

### Via Cargo

```sh
cargo install cmake-init
```

### Build from source

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Young-TW/cmake-init.git
cd cmake-init
cargo install --path .
```

## Usage

Initialize a simple CMake project with the specified name and options.

```sh
cmake-init <PROJECT_NAME>
```

Initialize a CMake project with CUDA/HIP support:

```sh
cmake-init <PROJECT_NAME> --cuda
```

or

```sh
cmake-init <PROJECT_NAME> --hip
```

If you use CUDA/HIP, you need to edit the `CMakeLists.txt` file to set the architecture code for your GPU.

### Flags

Currently, not supporting multiple flags in (`--cuda`, `--hip`, `--mpi`) at the same time.

| Flag             | Short  | Default  | Description                                       |
| ---------------- | ------ | -------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| `--help`         | `-h`   |          | Show help message                                 |
| `--version`      | `-v`   |          | Show version information                          |
| `<PROJECT_NAME>` |        | required | Project name                                      |
| `--cxx-std`      | `-s`   | `17`     | C++ standard (11, 14, 17, 20, 23, 26)             |
| `--gitignore`    | `-g`   | `true`   | Generate `.gitignore` file (`true`/`false`)       |
| `--cuda`         | `-c`   | `false`  | Enable CUDA support (`true`/`false`)              |
| `--hip`          | `-i`   | `false`  | Enable HIP support (`true`/`false`)               |
| `--mpi`          | `-m`   | `false`  | Enable OpenMPI support (`true`/`false`)           |
| `--kokkos`       | `-k`   | `false`  | Enable Kokkos support (`true`/`false`)            |

### Example

```sh
cmake-init my_project -s 20 --gitignore false
```

## Contributing

Please see the [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) document for details on how to contribute to this project.

## Stats

![Alt](https://repobeats.axiom.co/api/embed/cb91f9d845328a1a35e7c4581ac98e14fd2bb352.svg "Repobeats analytics image")
